---
title: Meeting summary
date: '2023-11-15T02:38:30.388+01:00'
tags: ['meeting-transcript']
draft: false
summary: Change this in the n8n workflow
---
## Meeting Results - Action Items

1. Assign team advocates: 
   - Dev team: Alejo and Henry
   - Marketing team: Paige and Pama *(Paige, Alejo, Pama, Henry)*

2. Develop a behavioral agreement and warning system for absenteeism and disruptive behavior.
   - Team members responsible: Alejo, Edward

3. Gather data and have a thorough discussion with Mike before making a final decision.
   - Team members responsible: Alejo, Paige

4. Discuss potential legal issues regarding Mike's absence and departure.
   - Team members responsible: Bianca, Chandu19

5. Rebuild trust and resolve conflicts to strengthen the team.
   - Team members responsible: Paige, Alejo

6. Hold a separate call with Mike to hear his side of the story.
   - Team member responsible: Alejo

7. Reconvene for further discussion on Beth's departure and the team's connection.
   - All members

8. Decide whether to vote on Mike's future in the next meeting.
   - Whole team

Meeting summary for 20K AI Automation EXEC Meeting (11/13/2023)



Quick recap


1. Paige facilitated a discussion about newly formed team advocates and
their role in communicating messages and visions to their respective teams
to help move the group forward. The team also discussed the issue of team
members not showing up to meetings and its impact on team morale and
productivity, and the urgency of effective communication. 2. The team
expressed dissatisfaction with a decision made without their input, which
led to dissatisfaction and criticism about the role of advocates in the
team. They acknowledged the need for more processes to handle such
situations in the future. 3. The team discussed a decision made without
their consensus and its implications. They acknowledged the need for
everyone to feel considered in the decision-making process. 4. The team
recognized the need for transparency and clear communication but showed
reluctance to openly discuss matters. They also acknowledged the importance
of a clear communication. 5. The team discussed the potential impact of a
team member's behavior on the organization's culture and productivity. They
decided to invite the team member to a meeting to hear his side of the
story and voted against continuing to work with him. 6. The team discussed
the marketing direction and questioned the decision-making process if Mike
returned, to which Paige and Alejo reassured the team, emphasizing their
commitment to work together.


Summary





Team Advocates for Efficient Communication

Paige facilitated a discussion about the newly formed team advocates. She
explained that one advocate would be assigned per team, with two per the
Dev team and two per the marketing team. The advocates' role is to
communicate messages and visions to their respective teams and to help the
group move forward. Paige emphasized that this structure was designed to
reduce the number of meetings needed and allow for more dedicated time to
deliverables. Alejo and Henry were elected as the advocates for the Dev
team, while Paige and Pama were chosen for the marketing team. The two key
operations advocates are Jfk and Lex. Paige highlighted that the advocates
would be present in meetings and serve as resources for communication.


Team Culture vs Individual Performance

Alejo shared a story about a CEO who took over a profitable tech company
with a bad culture. The CEO identified that a high-performing team member
was the root cause of the team's declining productivity and morale. She
decided to promote him, which resulted in further issues and eventually,
both the CEO and the high-performing employee were fired. Paige then shared
that the team had voted unanimously to ask Mike to leave the group due to
consistent no-shows, disruptions, and a negative impact on team morale.
Mike took the decision poorly, expressing his feelings in a way that could
have been handled differently. The team prioritized the well-being of the
team over Mike's productivity.


Team Members' Absenteeism and Impact on Morale

Alejo, Paige, and Edward discussed the issue of team members not showing up
to meetings and the impact it has on the team's morale and productivity.
They acknowledged that they had taken action on behalf of the team
regarding a specific member's consistent absence and disruptive behavior.
Alejo mentioned that they were working on a behavioral agreement to clarify
expectations, while Edward suggested a warning system for those who
repeatedly fail to meet their commitments. The team reaffirmed their
commitment to transparency and clear communication.


Team Discusses Leads, Productivity, and Future Direction

Bianca defended Mike's value to the team despite his shortcomings,
highlighting his extensive network's potential to bring in the most leads.
Alejo agreed with Bianca but stressed the importance of focusing on
productivity gains from efficient meetings and individual accountability.
The team then shifted their discussion towards action, focusing on the
business plan and planning for the future. Silviu voiced his agreement with
Bianca's point about the difference between leads and quality leads, and
emphasized the team's interests in any decision. He also expressed
confidence in the team's talent and creativity but had doubts about the
feasibility of certain projects. Alejo discussed the team's lead gathering
capabilities and marketing efforts, while Silviu suggested considering big
projects from enterprise companies, with concerns about their potential
magnitude. Paige acknowledged the need to discuss the team's direction and
potential pivoting, and noted the importance of cash flow, with the
possibility of exploring immediate money-making opportunities. The team
decided to continue visiting this topic in future meetings.


Absenteeism, Decision-Making, and Communication Concerns

Beth expressed concern over Mike's regular absence from meetings and
suggested a formalized warning system. The team discussed a decision made
without their input, which led to dissatisfaction and criticism, especially
from Beth, about the role of advocates in the team. They acknowledged the
need for more processes to handle such situations in the future. The team
also discussed the urgency of the situation and the importance of effective
communication. Beth expressed her concerns about the decision-making
process, feeling that it was not handled appropriately and could set a
negative precedent. The team discussed the decision to exclude Mike from
the group and its implications. No resolution was reached by the end of the
meeting.


Decision-Making Process Dissatisfaction

The team, led by Bianca, expressed dissatisfaction with a decision made
without their consensus. They discussed the impulsive nature of the
decision and the lack of transparency. Silviu suggested involving someone
with emotional intelligence in such discussions in the future. Paige
emphasized the importance of everyone feeling considered in the
decision-making process. Concerns were raised about a member's potential
toxicity for the organization, leading to a vote on the matter. Narakeru
voiced concerns about a significant decision made without a unanimous vote
and its potential impact on the future of the group. The group agreed with
Narakeru's sentiment and acknowledged the need to rebuild trust. They
decided to bring the issue back to the table for discussion, with Paige
highlighting the implications of a decision about a productive member.
Chandu19 voiced concerns about potential legal issues, and Paige emphasized
the value of the group's diverse skillsets. Paavaan emphasized the
importance of providing context and documentation for decisions made,
particularly concerning Mike's probation period. The team agreed to gather
more data and have a thorough discussion about the situation with Mike
before making a final decision. Bianca stressed the importance of learning
from this experience and acknowledged that the decision-making process
could have been handled better. Alejo and Bianca agreed that the structure
of the company needed to be reconsidered, and Chandu19 raised concerns
about potential legal issues if Mike were not to return. The team agreed on
the need for more facts and open discussion before making a final decision.


Team Transparency and Communication Issues

Bianca raised suspicions about a team member potentially exploiting
overseas workers and excluding a valuable contributor. Alejo and Paige
acknowledged the team member's potential and defended Mike's invitation to
the new server creation process. The team recognized the need for
transparency and clear communication but showed reluctance to openly
discuss these matters. Bianca criticized the creation of a new server that
deviated from Mike's original idea and emphasized the importance of clear
communication. Paige agreed with the need for clear communication and
expressed her desire not to steal Mike's idea.


Team Conflict and Toxic Behavior

Paige expressed her concern about a team member's behavior and decided to
remove them due to negative interactions with others. Bianca, however, was
unaware of the private interactions and had never had a bad experience with
the team member. The team discussed their issues with a colleague named
Mike, who was perceived as treating people poorly and potentially creating
a toxic work environment. The team decided to invite Mike to a meeting to
hear his side of the story, and after further discussion, voted against
continuing to work with him. The team also expressed their worry about the
impact of Mike's behavior on the organization's culture and productivity.


Voting Process and Trust Rebuilding

In the meeting, the team discussed the importance of following the
agreed-upon majority voting process and airing grievances at the
appropriate time. Paige acknowledged the group's accountability and
committed to not repeating the mistake. The team recognized the need for a
vote to address the situation, but Silviu suggested that a vote might not
solve the problem, and that it was time to move past the issue. Alejo,
Paige, and JFK agreed on the importance of everyone having a voice, and
Paige personally committed to rebuilding trust. There was a discussion on
whether to hold a vote immediately or gather more information first, with
Paige suggesting opening up a vote and Alejo proposing various options.
Paavaan expressed concern about the lack of sufficient facts to vote and
suggested hosting another session with more data. Frederik agreed,
proposing a separate call with Mike to hear his side of the story. Luka
expressed dissatisfaction with the information provided so far and insisted
on seeing more data before voting. Alejo agreed to gather and share all
necessary information and also invited Mike for a call the next day to
present both sides. The team acknowledged that their decision-making
process could lead to a loss of trust and emphasized the importance of
resolving conflicts to build a stronger team.


Attendance, Direction, Commitment, Connection, Departure

Paavaan proposed a threshold of three or four absences as a decision point
for a participant's attendance at meetings. Alejo suggested the upcoming
session as an opportunity for the participant to share his perspective.
Pawel voiced his respect for the decision-making process and questioned the
marketing direction, leading to a pause in workshops. Alejo confirmed the
development team had valuable ideas lined up. Marc questioned the team's
response if Mike returned and some members wanted to leave, to which Paige
and Alejo reassured the team, emphasizing their commitment to work
together. Alejo and Paavaan discussed the lack of clarity and connection
within the group, with Paavaan highlighting the positive aspects of the
group's culture. Silviu and jfk brought up Beth's departure due to Mike's
actions, and Alejo suggested reconvening the next day for further
discussion. Paige thanked everyone for their attendance and acknowledged
the group's contributions.


Next steps


• Alejo and Paige will gather all the information and invite Mike to a call
tomorrow to share his perspective. The group will decide whether to vote
then.

